You got a problem. If you're only
closing, let's say, 25% of the deals
that come on your closer calendars, that
means 75% of those [__] are not
closing and giving you some cash. That
issue in itself is worth however much
you can quantify it being worth. And in
this video here today, I've got a
tremendous solution for you. It's worked
time and time again across all different
kinds of high ticket product and
service-based businesses that we've
coached, mentored, and worked with
hands-on over the years. And I will talk
in depth about it in this video here
with you today. This is one of those
lessons that helps crack millionoll
months or tack on that next million a
month, give or take where you're at
while you're sitting here watching this
video. Can't stress it enough though. We
don't make any income claims around
here. There are by no means any implied
earning potential or income guarantees
as a result of watching this video. Your
chance of ever hitting 10 million a
year, just shy of million-dollar months,
is 0.1% according to the US Bureau of
Labor Statistics. Let alone the even
smaller chance that you got to crack
million-dollar months. But that doesn't
negate the fact that I sit here and
bring the lessons to you of people who
have been there, done that, cracked the
big million-dollar months and well
beyond and just pass down the things
that have worked and the things that
haven't worked right here on YouTube for
you, my friend. So, if you're new to the
channel, welcome in. That's all we talk
about. That's what you'll find lessons
on on every single video on this
channel. Consider subscribing if you
haven't done so already. And of course,
if you're already a subscriber, welcome
back. It's a pleasure to have you. Got
another banger for you here today.
Without further ado, let's dive in. So,
we call this solution the group closing
call. Okay, this group closing call just
is an example of how effective this [__]
is. Time and time again, it's very
simple, right? your sales team
throughout the week. Let's use the
example that whatever their current
closing rate is, the exact opposite of
that is what we want to call the
unclosed rate. Okay? And that's
obviously going to be taken in most
instances in a percentage for both of
these. You want to turn that percentage
into a number. Okay? And you want to
figure out how many people per week are
going.
Okay? Because as soon as you figure that
out, what you're going to be able to do
is you're going to be able to say, "All
right, if I took, let's use the example,
you're operating at scale or maybe
you're just getting started at like, you
know, somewhere in the couple hundredk a
month range and you're looking to punch
up. It's obviously going to wildly
dictate how many of these people are
going unclosed per week. It might be
dozens. It might be a dozen. It might be
hundreds depending on how many
salespeople you've got. Okay. The issue
is this big problem exists which is it's
very simple to understand by the way
your salespeople that actually have the
blessing of having full calendars they
are super busy. Okay? And so as a result
of that they do not follow up with damn
near anybody. The only real people they
follow up with are the ones who said
>> hey man like I got a credit card coming
in the mail in a week from now like
follow up with me then or like oh I'm in
such and such place. I'm traveling you
know I'm going to buy later. They'll
follow up with those people. I'm not
negating the fact that they like follow
up somewhat. But again, with all the
people that they don't actually close
that don't explicitly say, "Hey, I'm
going to buy at a later date." They're
not going to follow up with jack [__]
Okay? They're just not. Which, by the
way, on this YouTube channel, I have, I
believe it's like 4 hours long, I put
together a sales training course, and
somewhere within that 4-hour sales
training course, I talk about this role
called the cleaner. This is also an
incredible function. And they these
these two different types of roles
within your sales organization, they
definitely go hand in hand. The cleaner,
they can follow up with the unconverted
people as well. And they can push them
to this group sales call. They can also
obviously attempt to close them
themselves. Simply put, when you have a
lot of unclosed deals that are also not
being followed up with these two roles,
the cleaner role and the group closing
call. Okay, the group closing call is
what I really want to focus on because
it leverages a specific level of
authority that your salespeople
generally don't bring. Okay, a lot of
businesses nowadays, they're personal
brandoriented. They have a charismatic
leader that deals in hope and offers
change and promises potential results
and outcomes that the buyers want. And
then generally all those people, they
get funneled to a sales team that's
slightly less charismatic. They do a
great job at representing or sometimes a
good job or sometimes unfortunately a
mediocre job at representing your
organization. And that is where the
authority level starts to go down a bit.
Okay. Soon as they have that experience
with you and it gets handed off and
diluted into just somebody on your team,
the impression of I'm willing to spend a
fuckload of money, that can sometimes
negate the person's mind and just escape
them. And as a result, what they need to
do is they need to get back in front of
you. And that's where this group closing
call can come in. You on a week- toeek
basis, sometimes twice a week, give or
take the volume of unclosed deals that
you have or give or take how much money
you truly give a [__] to make. That's
generally what dictates more so than
anything else whether it's worth doing
once a week or whether it's doing twice
a week. I'll tell you this though, I
will tell you the two days that are
typically best to do it. A Tuesday and
believe it or not, a Friday. Okay, these
two days are typically the best days of
the week to do the group closing call.
And the group closing call is super
simple to do. What you're going to do is
your salespeople when they don't close a
lead. So, if somebody ends the call
with, you know, I got to think about it,
or whatever little stupid objection they
give that prevents them from buying, the
salesperson, all they have to do in real
time, because remember, they don't
follow up with anybody who's not
actually probable to close. They got to
tell them in real time, hey man, by the
way, I've got an opportunity for you to
jump on a call here later this week.
It's actually tomorrow, Tuesday, at this
time, and you can get on a call with
soando. And what they're going to do, as
you know, like they run the business.
They'll answer all your questions that I
may have failed to answer at a very high
level. you can ask them and be very
direct with them about what specifically
is holding you back. I want to disclose
it's a group call. So, generally that
means that there's going to be some
other people that pose questions that
you also maybe not have thought of, but
you're going to get a lot of value from
hearing the answers to. And keep in
mind, you don't have to unmute yourself
and go through all of your questions in
front of a bunch of other people. It'll
be on Zoom. And Zoom allows you to
privately message the host. So, nobody
else will see your question. And you can
make sure if you do private message the
host, just say, "Hey, don't say who
asked the question." And then just ask
your question and he'll happily he or
she will happily answer it and get you
the information you need. And typically
on that call, there's an opportunity to
close if you end up feeling like it's
appropriate, you know, after hearing
from this individual that leads our
organization. Are you interested in
that? And generally, if they actually
have any level of interest after
communicating to the sales
representative to close at a later time,
they'll say, "Yeah, [__] yeah. I'll jump
on that call." Right? And then what
you're going to do is you're just going
to have that salesperson mark in the CRM
so some marketing automation fires off
cuz again busy sales people they don't
have time to follow up. So they don't
they're not going to really care.
Although yes you're going to chip them a
commission if somebody does get closed
on the group call still because they
technically pushed them over. You can
pay them more like a setter in that
example. You don't have to pay them the
full closing commission. Of course
you're not going to do that. You're
going to you're going to pay them a
little less. But again you just need a
super simple way through marketing
automation to tag the person in the CRM
and then have a whole sequence fire off
that gets the person registered for it.
gets them a Zoom calendar invite, you
know, gets them the whole shebang to get
them to show up. Now, listen to this,
right? Let's use the example that on a
week-over-week basis, you have a hundred
people that are going uncloed. That's a
lot. Let's use the example that 50 of
them say they're willing to show up.
Let's say you get half of them to show
up. That's 25 people. Let's say you
close 20% of them, right? You close five
people out of that. That whatever times
the dollar value per individual you're
going to close and the AOV you obviously
cash collect minus that small commission
you're going to pay. That's essentially
your dollar value per hour that you're
walking home with after your expenses.
Of course, in that example, to be able
to close those extra people. And
generally, these group closing calls,
they don't take longer than an hour.
They're kind of like a webinar, but a
much more direct webinar because they
already had a sales call. So, I'm not
going to tell you the specifics of how
to execute the group closing call. I
leave that for all the people who join
into our paid programs like our inner
circle program, which is where we
currently teach this specific strategy.
There's a link for it down in the
description. If you're rich trying to
get a fuckload richer, that's the place
to be. The minimum to be in there is
100K a month. Average person does two to
300K a month. 22 people in there do more
than a mill a month. Some people join
already doing more than a mill a month
because they're looking and attempting
to tack on that next mill a month.
One-on-one coaching calls. We do group
coaching as well on a weekly basis. We
have our quarterly in-person masterminds
right here in Miami, Florida. Very
active group chat full of the rich folks
trying to get a lot richer. Unlimited
access to Jeremy AI. Very, very great
value there alone. And then a very dense
valueoriented every individual video in
there is intended to be the video that
makes fact the money that you pay to be
in there through our course library we
give inner circle members access to as
well. And of course our master internet
marketing program. We have our fifth
cohort coming up here soon enough. Give
or take the time you're watching this
video. Hey, maybe it already happened or
maybe it's coming up in the very near
future. And we do full revamps of that
entire course every time that we do a
new cohort which we typically do
annually. Sometimes we do it every other
year. It just depends on how much change
is in marketing. But to be clear, in
this newest iteration, we'll also pull
information and lessons just like this
into that new cohort, add a tremendous
amount of additional SOPs. There's a lot
of value inside of that because it is a
weekly live class. It's a 7-week total
live class. If you join in now, you get
access to the recording or you get
access to that upcoming live cohort.
Each week covers a different topic. Very
in-depth homework library full of video
lessons in between, worksheets to help
with information retention. There's
links for that down in the description
as well. You can also preview week one,
the specific live class recording that
we have from the most recent cohort to
get an idea of what it's like and and
gauge whether you think it's going to be
for you or not because it is a lot. It's
a fire hose of information and we talk
at a very high level regardless of where
you're at, whether you're completely new
or whether you're very deep in the game.
We typically get extremely great
feedback from everybody who goes through
it. Again, no matter the level that
they're at, but I want to reiterate back
to this, okay, the group coaching call,
this group closing call, it's kind of a
mix of both, right? You want to open it
up and talk clearly about what it is
you're selling. Of course, you also want
to pepper in some coaching elements to
it. And then a majority of it's just
going to be a big Q&A. Can't stress it
enough though. If you do this twice a
week, it has that much more
effectiveness, especially when you're
operating at scale. But even if even if
you're at a smaller scale and you only
have like maybe a dozen or two dozen or
three dozen calls on a week- toeek
basis, this still has a lot of
effectiveness. The numbers are just
smaller, right? But that's still likely
worth the dollar value per hour that
it's probable to pay you after you
actually get it dialed in. and working
cuz let's be honest, right? There's a
reason you're at a smaller level. You're
probably going to appreciate a smaller
amount of money. The big dogs that are
doing this, they obviously get a lot
more people to show up and obviously
they're more probable to make more just
based on the numbers of the whole deal.
Okay, so I can't stress enough very
great opportunity to crack some
additional revenue. We've had one of our
newer inner circle members, Pierre and
Brez, they did a presentation just
recently at our Q3 inner circle
mastermind. They had gotten a million
dollar month trophy and they talked
about some of the lessons. And
interestingly enough, like there's some
people in the group, this is more of an
anomaly to be fair in terms of how fast
they progressed, but you know, it does
happen occasionally. They at the Q2
mastermind, which was in April, they
only had 3 months between April and July
because we do them halfway through the
month for each one of these. So, there's
about a three-month period of time in
between this. They had pulled a handful
of things from the April mastermind. I'd
gone through a tremendous amount of best
practices for what was working up to
that point in the quarter. And I'd seen
them implement two of these things. I
talked to them about live webinars and
I'd also talked to them about the group
closing call. They implemented both.
Okay. Again, super low percentage of
people that work with us see this level
of growth this fast. But again, this is
the experience that they had. They were
at 500K a month in that April time
frame. They doubled it in May. They went
to a million a month mainly from the
webinar, but the group closing call
also, they attested to this during their
presentation at the July Q3 mastermind
to how much that also helped them.
Because I can't stress this enough,
think about this, like a personal brand
like BRZ, right? You may have never
heard of this guy and it doesn't matter
if you have or haven't. He's a very
notable individual currently with a very
young demographic that's learning from
this guy on what he specifically
teaches. And Brez gets a tremendous
amount of organic reach. Okay. Now, a
lot of these people, they obviously look
up to Brez specifically and then you go
through Bre's's funnel. Obviously,
you're not going to talk to Brett.
You're going to talk to his sales guys.
Now, a lot of those people that go
unclosed when they then get told, "Hey
man, by the way, we can get you on a
call with Brez later this week. It's a
group call. We can answer all your
questions directly. You kind of go back
and forth with them on whether this
offer is right for you or not." that
works tremendously well, especially when
the person who runs the business has
some level of authority inside of the
niche that you are operating in. It has
less effectiveness when you're more
unknown or just aren't a charismatic
leader, right? If you're not somebody
that like aspirationally can be looked
up to and you're just like some guy or
girl in the business, you know, it
doesn't have the same effectiveness.
It's not like it's not like a manager on
the sales team can see the same level of
result that the person who literally
runs the business and is like the face
of the business is going to see compare
comparatively. That like celebrity
authority effect makes a tremendous
difference to the volume of people that
are probable to close during these
weekly group calls or twice a week group
calls that you're going to do for the
closing effect. So anyway, great tactic,
tremendous to implement and execute on
your way to million- dollar months or to
crack that next million a month. Again,
no income claims, no earning potential,
no income guarantees of any way, shape,
or form going through these lessons here
with you today. Just something we've
seen work on the big dog accounts that
we sit here and take up the
million-dollar months and crack those
next million months with. If you like
these types of videos, check out all the
other ones on the channel. And of
course, subscribe if you haven't done so
already. And if you already are, thank
you so much for being here. Per usual,
go out there and get rich. toxin.